true	Despite a predictable plot and underdeveloped supporting characters, this sequel may be admired by families with kids who enjoy Jolie's performance and the action adventure
true	This Maleficent is in many ways an even better film than the first
true	Serviceable, but suffers from a curious lack of it's title character
true	The creatures are a sight to behold, as are each of the kingdoms. The fighting is tense and exciting. All of that is nearly enough to craft Maleficent: Mistress of Evil into a wonderful fantasy film... but only nearly
true	Fns of the revisionist 'Maleficent' (2014) will be enchanted once again with wondrous sets, costumes, effects and a sensational lead performance.
true	Really, the fun of this movie - aside from the glorious and very velvet-forward costumes, by Ellen Mirojnick - is the performances of the two Hollywood pros at its center, both perfectly cast.
true	In terms of visuals, director Joachim Ronning does a swell job recreating the lush fantasy/Goth look of the first film with effects aplenty and grand flourishes of other-worldly architecture. Storywise it's feathery fluff.
true	there still is Jolie, who is wickedly entertaining and oh, so fun, to watch.
true	Strong performances from three strong women where they are NOT fighting over a man, but fighting over family and country. Angelina Jolie, Elle Fanning and Michell Pfeiffer make this film worth screening again and again.
true	Director Joachim Ronning imbues the complex story with a fittingly frenetic pace and energy, and despite its fairy tale structure, Jolie and Pfeiffer endow their characters with believable human emotions and frailties.
false	"Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" doesn't have anything new or interesting to say and feels like it exists only so Disney can wring every last dime out of its intellectual property.
false	Maleficent Mistress of Evil proves itself another unnecessary sequel by abandoning the ideology and creativity that made the original quite surprising.
false	Less a movie than a two-hour explosion in a special-effects factory, [it's] a sequel even more unnecessary than most [that] exhausts rather than exhilarates.
false	Maleficent is back and so is Jolie, who, with her augmented cheekbones and perfectly calibrated hauteur, remains the only reason to bother with it. Much else has changed and not for the better, whatever this hash insists.
false	Jolie seems utterly trapped by the narrow conception of the role, which requires her to speak in a clipped British accent and keep emotional display to a minimum. Sometimes her stiffness is played for laughs, sometimes she's just stiff.
false	It all feels rushed-through and improperly considered, like a fairy tale told to a child by a grownup who's tired and bored and just wants to go to bed.false	An example of the most soul-sucking viewing that I'm forced to endure.
false	Overall, the movie is deadly dull, i.e., flat-out boring.
false	Heavy on visually-stunning imagery but light on the substance behind why such pictographs deserve to be seen, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil never really delves deeper beyond being aesthetically pleasing
false	Stuffed to the antlers with sidetracks and subplots, characters and ideas, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil shows you everything and articulates nothing.
false	Despite the drums of war beating louder, there is not a lot of momentum to the story.
